[Music]
Mondays my right show you said it guy
don't have a good day have a great day
hey bud you ever think that there's got
to be more more than what stuff we do
day after day being shot at run over
taken hostage today's gonna be different
hi this isn't you you don't do this man
[Music]
he's just resting place if that man is
dead
[Music]
Wow
is this what recreational drugs feel
like guy this world it's a video game
and it's full of bad guys I'm a rule
breaker I'm a rheticus maker we need you
to be the good guy
[Music]
giddyup
is that a Glock in your pocket know what
it's to class
[Music]
I'm not gonna be the good guy I'm gonna
be the great guy okay
well enjoy your lifetime supply of
virginity there you go
[Music]